I have made a covenant with my eyes why
I have made a covenant with my eyes why then should I look upon a young woman
then should I look upon a young woman
then should I look upon a young woman for what is the allotment of God from
for what is the allotment of God from
for what is the allotment of God from above and the inheritance of the
above and the inheritance of the
above and the inheritance of the Almighty from on high is it not
Almighty from on high is it not
Almighty from on high is it not destruction for the wicked and disaster
destruction for the wicked and disaster
destruction for the wicked and disaster for the workers of iniquity does he not
for the workers of iniquity does he not
for the workers of iniquity does he not see my ways and count all my steps if I
see my ways and count all my steps if I
see my ways and count all my steps if I have walked with falsehood or if my foot
have walked with falsehood or if my foot
have walked with falsehood or if my foot is hastened to deceit let me be weighed
is hastened to deceit let me be weighed
is hastened to deceit let me be weighed on honest scales that God may know my
on honest scales that God may know my
on honest scales that God may know my integrity if my step is turned from the
integrity if my step is turned from the
integrity if my step is turned from the way or my heart walked after my eyes or
way or my heart walked after my eyes or
way or my heart walked after my eyes or if any spot adheres to my hands then let
if any spot adheres to my hands then let
if any spot adheres to my hands then let me sew and another eat yes but my
me sew and another eat yes but my
me sew and another eat yes but my harvest be rooted out if my heart has
harvest be rooted out if my heart has
harvest be rooted out if my heart has been enticed by a woman or if I have
been enticed by a woman or if I have
been enticed by a woman or if I have lurked at my neighbor's door then that
lurked at my neighbor's door then that
lurked at my neighbor's door then that my wife grind for another and let others
my wife grind for another and let others
my wife grind for another and let others bow down over her for that would be
bow down over her for that would be
bow down over her for that would be wickedness ears it would be iniquity
wickedness ears it would be iniquity
wickedness ears it would be iniquity deserving of judgment for that would be
deserving of judgment for that would be
deserving of judgment for that would be a fire that consumes to destruction and
a fire that consumes to destruction and
a fire that consumes to destruction and would root out all my increase if I have
would root out all my increase if I have
would root out all my increase if I have despised the cause of my male or female
despised the cause of my male or female
despised the cause of my male or female servant when they complained against me
servant when they complained against me
servant when they complained against me what then shall I do when God rises up
what then shall I do when God rises up
what then shall I do when God rises up when he punishes me how shall I answer
when he punishes me how shall I answer
when he punishes me how shall I answer him
him
him did not he who made me in the womb make
did not he who made me in the womb make
did not he who made me in the womb make them did not the same one fashioned us
them did not the same one fashioned us
them did not the same one fashioned us in the womb if I have kept the poor from
in the womb if I have kept the poor from
in the womb if I have kept the poor from their desire or caused the eyes of the
their desire or caused the eyes of the
their desire or caused the eyes of the widow to fail or eaten my morsel by
widow to fail or eaten my morsel by
widow to fail or eaten my morsel by myself so that the fatherless could not
myself so that the fatherless could not
myself so that the fatherless could not eat of it but from my youth i reared him
eat of it but from my youth i reared him
eat of it but from my youth i reared him as a father and from my mother's womb I
as a father and from my mother's womb I
as a father and from my mother's womb I got it the widow
got it the widow
got it the widow if I have seen anyone perish for lack of
if I have seen anyone perish for lack of
if I have seen anyone perish for lack of clothing or any poor man without
clothing or any poor man without
clothing or any poor man without covering if his heart has not blessed me
covering if his heart has not blessed me
covering if his heart has not blessed me and if he was not warmed with the fleece
and if he was not warmed with the fleece
and if he was not warmed with the fleece of my sheep if I have raised my hand
of my sheep if I have raised my hand
of my sheep if I have raised my hand against the fatherless when I saw I had
against the fatherless when I saw I had
against the fatherless when I saw I had help in the gate then let my arm fall
help in the gate then let my arm fall
help in the gate then let my arm fall from my shoulder that my arm be torn
from my shoulder that my arm be torn
from my shoulder that my arm be torn from the circuit for destruction from
from the circuit for destruction from
from the circuit for destruction from God is a terror to me and because of his
God is a terror to me and because of his
God is a terror to me and because of his magnificence
magnificence
magnificence I cannot endure if I have made gold my
I cannot endure if I have made gold my
I cannot endure if I have made gold my hope or said to find gold
hope or said to find gold
hope or said to find gold you are my confidence if I have rejoiced
you are my confidence if I have rejoiced
you are my confidence if I have rejoiced because my wealth was great and because
because my wealth was great and because
because my wealth was great and because my hand had gained much if I have
my hand had gained much if I have
my hand had gained much if I have observed the Sun when it shines or the
observed the Sun when it shines or the
observed the Sun when it shines or the moon moving in brightness so that my
moon moving in brightness so that my
moon moving in brightness so that my heart has been secretly enticed and my
heart has been secretly enticed and my
heart has been secretly enticed and my mouth has kissed my hand this also would
mouth has kissed my hand this also would
mouth has kissed my hand this also would be an iniquity deserving of judgment but
be an iniquity deserving of judgment but
be an iniquity deserving of judgment but I would have denied God who is above if
I would have denied God who is above if
I would have denied God who is above if I have been choiced at the destruction
I have been choiced at the destruction
I have been choiced at the destruction of him who hated me or lifted myself up
of him who hated me or lifted myself up
of him who hated me or lifted myself up when evil found him indeed I have not
when evil found him indeed I have not
when evil found him indeed I have not allowed my mouse to sin by asking for a
allowed my mouse to sin by asking for a
allowed my mouse to sin by asking for a curse on his soul if the men of my tent
curse on his soul if the men of my tent
curse on his soul if the men of my tent have not said who is there that has not
have not said who is there that has not
have not said who is there that has not been satisfied with his meat but no
been satisfied with his meat but no
been satisfied with his meat but no Sojourner had to lodge in the street but
Sojourner had to lodge in the street but
Sojourner had to lodge in the street but I have opened my doors to the traveler
I have opened my doors to the traveler
I have opened my doors to the traveler if I have covered my transgressions as
if I have covered my transgressions as
if I have covered my transgressions as Adam by hiding my iniquity and my bosom
Adam by hiding my iniquity and my bosom
Adam by hiding my iniquity and my bosom because I feared the great multitude and
because I feared the great multitude and
because I feared the great multitude and dreaded the contempt of families so that
dreaded the contempt of families so that
dreaded the contempt of families so that that kept silence and did not go out of
that kept silence and did not go out of
that kept silence and did not go out of the door oh that I had one day
the door oh that I had one day
the door oh that I had one day here is my mark oh that the Almighty
here is my mark oh that the Almighty
here is my mark oh that the Almighty would answer me that my prosecutor had
would answer me that my prosecutor had
would answer me that my prosecutor had written a book surely I would carry it
written a book surely I would carry it
written a book surely I would carry it on my shoulder and bind it on me like a
on my shoulder and bind it on me like a
on my shoulder and bind it on me like a crown
crown
crown I would declare to him the number of my
I would declare to him the number of my
I would declare to him the number of my steps like a prince I would approach him
steps like a prince I would approach him
steps like a prince I would approach him if my land cries out against me and its
if my land cries out against me and its
if my land cries out against me and its furrows weep together if I have eaten
furrows weep together if I have eaten
furrows weep together if I have eaten its fruit without money or caused its
its fruit without money or caused its
its fruit without money or caused its owners to lose their lives then let
owners to lose their lives then let
owners to lose their lives then let thistles grow instead of wheat and weeds
thistles grow instead of wheat and weeds
thistles grow instead of wheat and weeds instead of barley the words of Job are
instead of barley the words of Job are
instead of barley the words of Job are ended